I'm curious how you make yourself appear that way to people because like often I
find myself going to like like a Starbucks or something like that and the
person working behind the counter is just so personable so dialed like and I
just I think I often tell my wife like man if I had a job for that person I
would snipe them you know they seem great they seem awesome and I bet that
they would do a really good job working somewhere not that Starbucks is not a
good job but I feel like they could have a really good career doing that type of thing.
Yeah like but what is that that you just notice it? You know it's funny I
listened to a comedian a while back and he said so we don't have any world wars
in our generation right I mean I don't I mean I'm sure we have conversations
about that but regardless we have we have not gone through World War one
World War two right Cold War and that stuff so the comedian was like our World
War one or World War two is working in the restaurant industry the retail
industry gosh or the or the hotel industry there's basically like where we
served or like our branches of military essentially and so my branches of
military quote-unquote was the restaurant industry and in the in the
retail because I worked at Banana Republic for a bit. You are taught
something different that you are not taught in a desk job and like I look for
like when I hire people I look for people who like did like when I was
hiring my recruiting teams I wouldn't hire anybody who actually had a
recruiting experience. You can teach recruiting experience.